Name:
Hero Name:

Hero Concept: ___ is a ____ who can ____.

Points - xxx (Power Level) 
Archetype - __
Level - __

ABILITY SCORES:
Strength:
Dexterity:
Constitution:
Intelligence:
Wisdom:
Charisma:

Hit Points:
Hit Dice:
Fatigue Points:

Basic Move: - What is your innate physical speed?
(REMOVE BASIC SPEED)


DEFENSE
Innate Armor Class (DR): - How hard is it to hit you?
Psionic Armor Class = Wisdom

ACTIVE DEFENSE:
As a Reaction, you can take one of these actions against an attack you can see (or sense, if you have some form of sensory ability). Add the appropriate modifier to your Armor Class for JUST THIS SPECIFIED ATTACK.

Dodge: (Dexterity Based) 
Parry: (Strength Based) 
Block: (Constitution Based) 
Mind Shield: (Wisdom Based) - This is only available to someone with this ability, and adds a bonus to your Psionic Armor Class.


OFFENSE
Weapon: (Proficiency Bonus + Weapon Damage)
Basic Strike: ((Strength + Dexterity) / 4) - Basic Physical Attack with no modifiers
Mental Kick: (Intelligence + Wisdom / 6) - Basic Mental Attack with no modifiers


ADVANTAGES:
Fill in the list of master advantages


DISADVANTAGES:
Fill in the list of master disadvantages


SPELLS:
Fill in the list of spells, reference the Dungeons and Dragons spell list more than the GURPS one but combine the two)


GENERAL SKILLS:
Skills are generalized statistics based off of your Attributes that determine how good you are likely to be at something. If you have a SPECIALIZED SKILL, use that instead or add it to your modifier as described. 

Perception and Investigation:
- Science - (Immediate understanding of tech or science powers
- Mysticism - (Immediate understanding of extranormal or magical powers, i.e Arcana and Religion)
- Investigation 
- Perception (Does not include extrasensory unless this is a feature on your character sheet)

Physical Skills:
- Vigilance - (Endurance) 
- Athletics
- Acrobatics
- Stealth

Miscellaneous and Charismatic:
- Persuasion - 
- Intimidation - 
- Deception - (Also Performance) 
- Insight - (Also Streetwise (a mass insight roll))
- Machinery - (The ability to immediately use technology)
- Medicine and Survival - (Also functions as Survival)

ESP - Advantage - You are able to make perception rolls for the extranormal, mystical, things you cannot see, or the unknown. You have a general "spider sense" every time you roll Perception.


SPECIALIZED SKILLS:
Specialized Skills are something you have trained specifically for and can use immediately on command. For example, the speedster character does not have to make a vigilance roll for running long distance, they make a Vigilance roll plus their Running specialized skill modifier. If your character has an exosuit they made, they don't have to make a machinery roll every time when they want to rewire it, they make a Machinery roll plus their Battlesuits specialized skill. 

Specialized Skills can also be attacks. If you have an innate attack, your attack modifier will be determined in part by your Specialized Skill. For example, Johnny has acid spit and wants to use it. Acid Spit is a ranged attack, and is thus Dexterity based, so Johnny uses his Dexterity Modifier. Because Johnny has a specialized skill that gives him proficiency in his innate attacks, he is allowed to use his proficiency bonus in order to hit. Johnny can even spend some points on this specialized skill in order to upgrade his attack roll (probability to hit), but the attack roll specialized skill will not inherently make it more damaging. To do that, Johnny has to spend points on the attack itself.

A full list of Specialized Skills can be found below.


EQUIPMENT:
Fill in a full list of master equipment
- Fill in a full list of master weapons.

ARMOR:
Armor can supplement your character's abilities or attributes without actually being a part of your character. For example, Thor wears a metal breastplate that makes him tougher, even though he is already quite strong. Levels of armor include:
- Spandex (Lowest Level) 
- Bulletproof Vest
- Full Kevlar 
- Specialized Polymer
(Past this point these clothes cannot easily fit underneath an overcoat)
- SWAT gear
- Full Plate

Armor can also have attributes that give it special properties. Some of these might include:
- Powers Resistant (E.g. Fireboy's suit will not catch fire when Fireboy uses his powers.)
- Onboard Technology (Onboard Communicator, Onboard Weaponry, Onboard Gadgetry)

In its most advanced form, armor can be an "exosuit". An exosuit is typically a suit of full plate armor with a variety of onboard technology. What differentiates an exosuit from regular armor is the ability for it to simulate physical advantages. An exosuit might have an extra limb, flight capability, or even allow the wearer to heal while using it. An exosuit requires a Specialized Skill in order to be able to wield properly, and players who wish to have an exosuit must pay for it using the Exosuit Traits table below the Armor table.


ORIGIN:
Origin functions as a subclass to your main class and might add one or two minor abilities. If you are an Alien (i.e. Superman) you might have proficiency in an alien tongue. If you are an Orphan (i.e Batman, Spider-Man, Daredevil), you might have an extra point of constitution. If you are a Mystic, your mental kick might be (IQ + Wis)/4 instead of divided by 6. Fill in a few of these options


CLASS FEATURES:
Fill in the class features list.


